# Destinations
#### Video Demo: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O6FQGb5pvOk
#### Description: My final project is a search engine that helps differentiate and sort through a list of different destinations. The destinations on the list are not limited to only city names but rather islands too. I listed them in referencce to how I believe they are reffered to publicly, example if you are visiting new york, one might specifically say they are visiting New York rather than saying that they are going to the United States.
#### Upon opening the page you will find the complete list of all the destinations that are currently in the SQL database along with a search bar and 6 checkboxes that work as filters for the said list. By clicking on a checkbox, the web app will filter out all detinations that doesn't meet that parameter. The list will update in real time without the use of a post request. The checkbox works by Flask sending over information from the SQL database into javascript using jinja. More than one checkbox can be clicked at a time for a more specific search on a destination that you are looking for. Using the search bar, will match it's input to a destination that is currently on the list. This means that the search bar is reactive to if one or more checkboxes have been ticked and will only sort through the list that is currently on the screen.
#### Each destination on the list is a hyperlink that carries the user to a page that gives you more information about that destination. Currently only Trinidad and Bali are catered for. The page contains a brief summary or description of the destination along with each one of the parameters that it meets. Below all of that is a few pictures of the destination, giving the user a glipse of what they can exepct to see there. At the top left of this page I also included a convinient link titled "destintions" that will take the user back to the home page.
#### The purpose of this project is to serve as either a tool to educate people about different places in the world or find somewhere that meets your appeal to travel to.
#### Some of the most note-worthy elements of the coding in this project is for one the "arrayCompare" function that takes a list of arrays as an argument and finds the similarities between all of the arrays no matter how many arrays that are in the list. Another is how the program dynamically creates hyperlinks based in the name of the destination it is given. I built everything with user experience in mind, trying to make the appllication easy to use and easy to navigate around, with limited loadtimes and limited excessive paraphernalia.